README.md, before:

# ShutterFeed: a SOEN 341 Repo

See our [Docsify Wiki](https://docs-shutterfeed.now.sh) hosted on Zeit.

See the [ShutterFeed Web App](https://shutterfeed-soen341.web.app) deployed on Firebase.

This is the repository for ShutterFeed, our SOEN 341 group project.

## Members
* [Alexander Robitaille](https://github.com/A-Robitaille)
* [Camil Bouzidi](https://github.com/CamilBouzidi)
* [Judy Mezaber](https://github.com/jmezaber)
* [Laurent Lao](https://github.com/laurentlaurent/)
* [Tommy Josépovic](https://github.com/tommy-josepovic)

## Description

This project is a school assignment for the SOEN 341 class meant to result in a working Instagram-like program.

## Core Features
[Also available as User Stories](https://github.com/CamilBouzidi/-REDACTED-a-SOEN-341-Repo/wiki/User-Stories)
* User can post pictures
* User can comment on pictures posted
* User can follow other users

## Additional Features
[Also available as User Stories](https://github.com/CamilBouzidi/-REDACTED-a-SOEN-341-Repo/wiki/User-Stories)

## Languages and Techniques

### Languages
This project could benefit from having a HTML, CSS, Javascript front-end and a C#/.NET CORE back-end to leverage existing work-experience from project members.

### Techniques
For the basic prototype, the possibility of hosting a local server is being considered. Ideally, the team will settle on having a server hosted on a platform like AWS as soon as possible.

# Angular Readme

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).

Commit message:

Update README.md to include Firebase
Added some details as to why we are using Firebase for our backend.

README.md, after:

# ShutterFeed: a SOEN 341 Repo

See our [Docsify Wiki](https://docs-shutterfeed.now.sh) hosted on Zeit.

See the [ShutterFeed Web App](https://shutterfeed-soen341.web.app) deployed on Firebase.

This is the repository for ShutterFeed, our SOEN 341 group project.

## Members
* [Alexander Robitaille](https://github.com/A-Robitaille)
* [Camil Bouzidi](https://github.com/CamilBouzidi)
* [Judy Mezaber](https://github.com/jmezaber)
* [Laurent Lao](https://github.com/laurentlaurent/)
* [Tommy Josépovic](https://github.com/tommy-josepovic)

## Description

This project is a school assignment for the SOEN 341 class meant to result in a working Instagram-like program.

## Core Features
[Also available as User Stories](https://github.com/CamilBouzidi/-REDACTED-a-SOEN-341-Repo/wiki/User-Stories)
* User can post pictures
* User can comment on pictures posted
* User can follow other users

## Additional Features
[Also available as User Stories](https://github.com/CamilBouzidi/-REDACTED-a-SOEN-341-Repo/wiki/User-Stories)

## Languages and Techniques

### Languages
This project could benefit from having a HTML, CSS, Javascript front-end and a C#/.NET CORE back-end to leverage existing work-experience from project members.

### Techniques
For the basic prototype, the possibility of hosting a local server is being considered. Ideally, the team will settle on having a server hosted on a platform like AWS as soon as possible.

# Angular Readme

This project was generated with [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 9.0.1.

## Development server

Run `ng serve` for a dev server. Navigate to `http://localhost:4200/`. The app will automatically reload if you change any of the source files.

## Code scaffolding

Run `ng generate component component-name` to generate a new component. You can also use `ng generate directive|pipe|service|class|guard|interface|enum|module`.

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the project. The build artifacts will be stored in the `dist/` directory. Use the `--prod` flag for a production build.

## Running unit tests

Run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

# Firebase Readme
[Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/docs?gclid=CjwKCAiAp5nyBRABEiwApTwjXqaQx6mWmRh3j0u5M2hpbwp7Yf-eXdSorcYctKEZkoxqqvy951RnnBoC6-QQAvD_BwE) is Google's backend system that allows developers to store data and manage authentification. It is being used for the backend part of this project. Its main advantages include:
- Database
- Storage
- Authentification
- Crash reports
- Scaling

## Further help

To get more help on the Angular CLI use `ng help` or go check out the [Angular CLI README](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli/blob/master/README.md).
